Update docs for versioning for the website (#442)
openvinotoolkit/datumaro: site/content/en/docs/user-manual/command-reference/_index.md

  d====str8[diff]:::fillthreeclass
  d====str9[merge]:::fillthreeclass
  d====str10[validate]:::fillthreeclass
  d====str11[explain]:::fillthreeclass
  d====str12[stats]:::fillthreeclass
  d====str13[commit]:::fillfourclass
  d====str14[checkout]:::fillfourclass
  d====str15[status]:::fillfourclass
  d====str16[log]:::fillfourclass

  classDef nofillclass fill-opacity:0;
  classDef hideclass fill-opacity:0,stroke-opacity:0;
  classDef filloneclass fill:#CCCCFF,stroke-opacity:0;
  classDef filltwoclass fill:#FFFF99,stroke-opacity:0;
  classDef fillthreeclass fill:#CCFFFF,stroke-opacity:0;
  classDef fillfourclass fill:#CCFFCC,stroke-opacity:0;
```

</div>

The command line is split into the separate _commands_ and command _contexts_.
Contexts group multiple commands related to a specific topic, e.g.
project operations, data source operations etc. Almost all the commands
operate on projects, so the `project` context and commands without a context
are mostly the same. By default, commands look for a project in the current
directory. If the project you're working on is located somewhere else, you
can pass the `-p/--project <path>` argument to the command.

> > **Note**: command behavior is subject to change and might be outdated,
> > **always check the `--help` output of the specific command**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: command behavior is subject to change, so this text might be outdated,
> **always check the `--help` output of the specific command**
```

  s(source):::nofillclass
  m(model):::nofillclass

  d===s
    s===id1[add]:::hideclass
    s===id2[remove]:::hideclass
    s===id3[info]:::hideclass
  d===m
    m===id4[add]:::hideclass
    m===id5[remove]:::hideclass
    m===id6[run]:::hideclass
    m===id7[info]:::hideclass
  d====str1[create]:::filloneclass
  d====str2[add]:::filloneclass
  d====str3[remove]:::filloneclass
  d====str4[export]:::filloneclass
  d====str5[info]:::filloneclass
  d====str6[transform]:::filltwoclass
  d====str7[filter]:::filltwoclass
  d====str8[diff]:::fillthreeclass
  d====str9[merge]:::fillthreeclass
  d====str10[validate]:::fillthreeclass
  d====str11[explain]:::fillthreeclass
  d====str12[stats]:::fillthreeclass
  d====str13[commit]:::fillfourclass
  d====str14[checkout]:::fillfourclass
  d====str15[status]:::fillfourclass
  d====str16[log]:::fillfourclass

  classDef nofillclass fill-opacity:0;
  classDef hideclass fill-opacity:0,stroke-opacity:0;
  classDef filloneclass fill:#CCCCFF,stroke-opacity:0;
  classDef filltwoclass fill:#FFFF99,stroke-opacity:0;
  classDef fillthreeclass fill:#CCFFFF,stroke-opacity:0;
  classDef fillfourclass fill:#CCFFCC,stroke-opacity:0;
```

</div>

> 

Reviewer: I can't see the image here:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13832349/132347364-92f4d2c3-0dda-46aa-a7c5-992483a49bd7.png)

No errors in the log.
